Flow docs enhancement: add examples for Grafana Cloud (#3288)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/loki.write.md

* `loki_write_batch_retries_total` (counter): Number of times batches have had to be retried.
* `loki_write_stream_lag_seconds` (gauge): Difference between current time and last batch timestamp for successful sends.

## Examples

> This example creates a `loki.write` component that sends received entries to a
> local Loki instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following examples show you how to create `loki.write` components that send log entries to different destinations.

### Send log entries to a local Loki instance

You can create a `loki.write` component that sends your log entries to a local Loki instance:
```

    }
}
```

> This example creates a `loki.write` component that sends received entries to Grafana Cloud
> with username and password injected through environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Send log entries to a hosted endpoint

You can create a `loki.write` component that sends your log entries to a hosted endpoint, for example Grafana Cloud. The username and password are injected through environment variables.
```

    }
}
```

> ### Send log entries to Grafana Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Send log entries to a managed service
```

> ### Send log entries to a hosted endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
### Send log entries to Grafana Cloud
```

> You can create a `loki.write` component that sends your log entries to a hosted endpoint, for example Grafana Cloud. The username and password are injected through environment variables.

Author: ```suggestion
You can create a `loki.write` component that sends your log entries Grafana Cloud. The Loki username and Grafana Cloud API Key are injected in this example through environment variables.
```

> You can create a `loki.write` component that sends your log entries Grafana Cloud. The Loki username and Grafana Cloud API Key are injected in this example through environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a `loki.write` component that sends your log entries to a managed service, for example, Grafana Cloud.. The Loki username and Grafana Cloud API Key are injected in this example through environment variables.
```

```river
loki.write "default" {
    endpoint {
        url = "https://logs-xxx.grafana.net"
        basic_auth {
            username = env("LOKI_USERNAME")

>             password = env("LOKI_PASSWORD")

Author: ```suggestion
            password = env("GRAFANA_CLOUD_API_KEY")
```
